A simple multipage website with suggestions from a Scrimba course

This is my first multi page website. I was given the information from a scrimba course, but was left to start from scratch when it came to all of the HMTL and CSS coding. The course gave me very few instructions as far as CSS, so I added my own. I also played around with hover and visited elements in CSS. The biggest challenge was remembering how to make a photo clickable. I am also having problems with margins, padding, and aligning items. I will need to go back and redo some courses to improve my basic CSS skills. Because this one was something where I was only given the information to provide on the webpages, and not a step-by-step tutorial, I was suprised at how easily the basic html came to me. The only thing I had to google was how to make the images clickable, and I knew the answer as to what elements to use, I was just unsure as to if it needed to be a certain order in reference to the href of the image. Again, I recognize there is a lonnnng way to go from here, but I'm further along than I was even 2 days ago. Being able to navigate to different pages and back, all of which were pages that I created, and then also adding in webpage urls that would open up a new window was a win in itself for me. I am still intimidated by JavaScript at this point, but my plan is to create something using that in the next week or so. Thank you for taking the time to stop by, its very obvious how much of a beginner I am, but as long as I keep improving I am proud. I will keep developing (haha) my skills to someday be a developer.
